Enjoy the bold flavors of satay any night of the week
with this air fryer recipe.
The four ingredient marinade includes Sanjay no soy tamari,
perfect for those following a gluten and soy free diet.
Mix tamari, red curry paste,
sesame oil and fresh ginger and add in the thinly sliced beef.
Meanwhile, mix together a satay sauce with water,
lime juice, sesame oil,
maple syrup, tamari almond butter and sriracha.
Thread the beef onto short skewers and air fry for just five minutes.
Garnish with sesame seeds
and serve with the creamy dipping sauce for a flavor explosion.
Find the full recipe in the caption and shop San J
no Soy Tamari on Amazon.